EPM I-DOCSIS 7.0.10 (#4649)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/EPM/I-DOCSIS/EPM_7.0.10_Integrated_DOCSIS.md

---
uid: EPM_7.0.10_Integrated_DOCSIS
---

# EPM 7.0.10 Integrated DOCSIS - Preview

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We are still working on this release. Release notes may still be modified, added, or moved to a later release. Check back soon for updates!

## New features

#### New dashboard to monitor whether KPI exceeds threshold for specific period [ID 42406]

> A new dashboard is available where it is possible to monitor whether a KPI is higher than a specific threshold for a specific period of time. It makes use a of new ad hoc data source (*EPM_I_DOCSIS_GQI_GET_BREACH_DATA*) that reports the fiber nodes that breached a threshold for a specific number of months in a row.

Author: @alenskyline, I'd like to include the exact name of the dashboard here. Could you let me know what it is? Also, let me know if you see anything that isn't correct in this description.

Reviewer: Hi @MariekeGO 
Its used as "US FN Breach Report (OFDMA)" and "US FN Breach Report (SC-QAM)" in prod.
Can be added that it checks that it breached in weekly increments. So if a month is selected, it will check that for that period of time (month) it breached at least once every week.

Author: Would the following change be OK?
```suggestion
A new dashboard is now available with the name *US FN Breach Report (OFDMA)* or *US FN Breach Report (SC-QAM)*. It allows you to monitor whether a KPI is higher than a specific threshold for a specific period of time. It makes use a of new ad hoc data source (*EPM_I_DOCSIS_GQI_GET_BREACH_DATA*) that reports the fiber nodes that breached a threshold for a specific number of months in a row. This is checked in weekly increments. This means that if for example a month is selected, the dashboard will check whether for that period of time (i.e. a month), the threshold was breached at least once every week.```

Reviewer: > with the name *US FN Breach Report (OFDMA)* or *US FN Breach Report (SC-QAM)*.

Just a small tweak but I would maybe put **and** instead of **or**, as both dashboards are available and doing separate breach checks (one for SC-QAM and one for OFDMA). Other than that looks great, thank you.
